# k_amber-reader
<h3><b>Carthage undergraduate project (2014-2018): AMBER reader</b></h3>

This is a small C++ program designed to assist interpretation of data generated by the molecular dynamics package AMBER14. I created and worked on this project around May-August 2016 while I completed a research project at my undergraduate school. The .dat files generated by AMBER can be cryptic and tedious to interpret, so this program was designed to ease the analysis process. I have gained more experience since I wrote this program, so I will likely clean it up and thoroughly comment on the confusing parts. I am keeping it around because I may pass the code on to another student.

<h4><b>Contents</h4></b>

<ol>
  <li>Exception_FileManipulator	- Exception class for use with FileManipulator. This class is mostly for debugging purposes.</li>
  <li>FileManipulator	- Currently has limited use. Students using AMBER are typically unfamiliar with CentOS and the unix file system, so this class will hide the complexity for them.</li>
  <li>FileReader.cpp	- FileReader is the class that performs most of the analysis on AMBER's output. Ideally this class will need to know nothing else about the rest of the program; it only needs to know the name of the file it is analyzing, which is currently limited to .dat files generated from SASA and hydrogen bonds.</li>
  <li>LICENSE</li>
  <li>README.md</li>
  <li>Source.cpp - This is the driver for the program, where main is contained. Will eventually be renamed "Main.cpp" for clarity. The program will start here and await input from the user.</li>
  
<h4><b>Usage</h4></b>

Use is not currently recommended. I will include compilation details at a later date.

<h4><b>About</h4></b>

This project was written and tested entirely in Visual Studio Community 2010.
The primary developer is Kevin Krause (kkrause2@carthage.edu).
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

Thanks is given to Mark Mahoney and Perry Kivolowitz for their advice and suggestions.
